ICP Dev Docs Restructure, Overhaul & Audit (#3970)
dfinity/portal: docs/building-apps/frontends/custom-domains/using-custom-domains.mdx

- [Hosting the domain on your own infrastructure](#custom-domains-using-your-own-infrastructure).

For both approaches, you need to acquire a domain through any registry, such as NameCheap or GoDaddy.

The two approaches differ in the ease of use and configurability. When registering the domain with the boundary nodes, you simply have to configure the DNS records of the custom domain, and the boundary nodes take care of obtaining a certificate, renewing the certificate before its expiration, and SEO.

When hosting the domain on your own infrastructure, you need to obtain and renew the certificates and provide your own infrastructure with support for the [HTTP gateway protocol](../../../references/http-gateway-protocol-spec.md). However, there is more configuration flexibility using this approach.

## Register the domain with the boundary nodes

By following the steps below, you can host your canister under your custom domain using the boundary nodes. First, the configuration steps are described, then an [example is used to illustrate these steps](#concrete-example), followed by some instructions on [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting).

> - #### Step 1: Configure the DNS record of your domain, which is denoted with `CUSTOM_DOMAIN`.

Reviewer: Somehow the indentation is broken: compare with the original [here](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/web-apps/custom-domains/using-custom-domains). I like how you broke the "steps" within the steps down into its own bullets, but I would still indent it as before for better structure.

Reviewer: Sorry, I just read your full instructions. We can fix that in a follow-up PR.

:::

## Custom domains using your own infrastructure

- #### Step 1: Deploy your canister to ICP and note the canister ID.

- #### Step 2: Clone the [official ICP repo](https://github.com/dfinity/ic), checkout the commit `2304690ca1d241d9ce6e19a427a18de9aac95b82` and navigate to the [service worker folder](https://github.com/dfinity/ic/tree/2304690ca1d241d9ce6e19a427a18de9aac95b82/typescript/service-worker) located under `ic/typescript/service-worker`.

- #### Step 3: Map your domain to the canister ID by adding your domain-to-canister mapping to `hostnameCanisterIdMap` in the file [`service-worker/src/sw/domains/static.ts`](https://github.com/dfinity/ic/blob/2304690ca1d241d9ce6e19a427a18de9aac95b82/typescript/service-worker/src/sw/domains/static.ts).

- #### Step 4: Build the service worker according to the instructions in `service-worker/README.md`. The output should be:
    - An `index.html`,.
    - A minified `.js` file.
    - A `.map` file.
- #### Step 5: Host the assets (`index.html`, `.js` and `.map` files) from a server or CDN and point your custom domain name at this server.
- #### Step 6: Test.

:::caution

> For frontends that use Internet Identity (II) to authenticate users, the principals provided by II depend on the domain from which the login request was started. If you authenticate your users through the canister URL and want to switch over to a custom domain, users will not have the same principals anymore. You can prevent this by setting up [custom domains](/docs/building-apps/frontends/custom-domains/using-custom-domains).

Reviewer: The link here got messed up. It should not point to "itself", but to the "alternative origins" as before:
```suggestion
For frontends that use Internet Identity (II) to authenticate users, the principals provided by II depend on the domain from which the login request was started. If you authenticate your users through the canister URL and want to switch over to a custom domain, users will not have the same principals anymore. You can prevent this by setting up [alternative frontend origins](/docs/building-apps/authentication/alternative-origins).
```

Author: Fixed link

:::

## Custom domains using your own infrastructure

- #### Step 1: Deploy your canister to ICP and note the canister ID.

- #### Step 2: Clone the [official ICP repo](https://github.com/dfinity/ic), checkout the commit `2304690ca1d241d9ce6e19a427a18de9aac95b82` and navigate to the [service worker folder](https://github.com/dfinity/ic/tree/2304690ca1d241d9ce6e19a427a18de9aac95b82/typescript/service-worker) located under `ic/typescript/service-worker`.

- #### Step 3: Map your domain to the canister ID by adding your domain-to-canister mapping to `hostnameCanisterIdMap` in the file [`service-worker/src/sw/domains/static.ts`](https://github.com/dfinity/ic/blob/2304690ca1d241d9ce6e19a427a18de9aac95b82/typescript/service-worker/src/sw/domains/static.ts).

- #### Step 4: Build the service worker according to the instructions in `service-worker/README.md`. The output should be:
    - An `index.html`,.
    - A minified `.js` file.
    - A `.map` file.
- #### Step 5: Host the assets (`index.html`, `.js` and `.map` files) from a server or CDN and point your custom domain name at this server.
- #### Step 6: Test.

:::caution

> For frontends that use Internet Identity (II) to authenticate users, the principals provided by II depend on the domain from which the login request was started. If you authenticate your users through the canister URL and want to switch over to a custom domain, users will not have the same principals anymore. You can prevent this by setting up [custom domains](/docs/building-apps/authentication/alternative-origins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For frontends that use Internet Identity (II) to authenticate users, the principals provided by II depend on the domain from which the login request was started. If you authenticate your users through the canister URL and want to switch over to a custom domain, users will not have the same principals anymore. You can prevent this by setting up [alternative origins](/docs/building-apps/authentication/alternative-origins).
```
